I now give the floor to his Excellency
Mr zad Abu Amar special representative
of the president of the Observer state
of
Palestine anes
honor to join you today in this
important
meeting I would especially thank you Mr
President for holding and presiding over
this ministerial meeting I would also
like to express the Gratitude of the
State of Palestine to the Secretary
General of the United Nations Mr Antonio
gues for his wise leadership of this
organiz
a especially given the catastrophe that
is
currently happening in the Gaza Strip I
would also like to thank
Algeria for placing the Palestinian
cause as a priority on the agenda of the
security Council including the
membership of the State of Palestine in
the United
Nations we would also like to express
our thanks and gratitude to the
countries that recognize the state of
Palestine and the peoples of the world
that believe in our right to
self-determination in our land the state
of Palestine we also thank the countries
that developed their
relations and that cooperated with us
and we do hope that these countries will
recognize the state of Palestine as soon
as possible based on the principle of
sovereign equality between nations and
mutual respect we also renew our
gratitude to all countries that
supported Palestine receiving the status
of Observer State and the states that
called on the security Council to look
into and consider the full membership of
the State of Palestine in the UN we also
thank Arab countries and the non-aligned
movement for joining this request based
on the Riad
Summit Mr President ladies and gentlemen
the plight of the Palestinian people has
started over a century ago and is still
ongoing the Palestinian people was the
victim of events and international
resolutions and decisions that were
outside of their control the Palestinian
people is the victim of a history that
is not of his of their making this
people has suffered a catastrophe in
1948 and the Israeli occupation since
1967 we are still longing to practice
our right to self-determination to live
in Freedom security and peace in an
independent state similar to other
countries around
world we have made and continue to make
great sacrifices to achieve this
goal since
1988 the Palestinian leadership
represented by the
PLO the only legitimate representative
of the Palestinian people the
Palestinian leadership has
showed preparedness to close the chapter
of conflict and sit at the negotiations
able to find a just comprehensive and
permanent solution for the Palestinian
question in this regard we have made
every possible genuine effort we have
made unimaginable historic
concessions in order to achieve a peace
that is based on the two-state solution
to guarantee the establishment of an
independent Palestinian state that is
Sovereign along the lines of June for
1967 with East Jerusalem as its capital
in addition to resolving the issue of
Palestinian refugees based on resolution
194 a Palestinian state that lives with
its neighbors in security and peace
since
1993 the Palestinian leadership chose
the path of negotiations hoping that
these negotiations will result in the
desired solution the international
community supported the principle of the
two- State Solutions and this position
culminated in accepting the state of
Palestine as a an observer member in the
general assembly of the United Nations
in 2016 and since then the state of
Palestine has sought and has called on
the World to accept it as a full member
of the United Nations because we believe
that an international resolution
will of this regard will protect the
two- State solution and will reflect the
Palestinian people's legitimate right to
an independent state However
unfortunately some tried to hinder the
adoption of this
resolution under weak
pretenses granting Palestine full
membership at the United Nations will
lift some of the historic Injustice
that succeeding Palestinian Generations
have been subjected to it will open wide
prospects before a true peace based on
Justice a peace that the countries and
the peoples of the region will enjoy in
this regard it is our right to
wonder how could Grant and recognize
Palestine the state of Palestine
how could granting the state of
Palestine full membership at the United
Nations similar to other countries
around the world how could this damage
the prospects of peace between
Palestinians and
Israelis how could this recognition and
this
membership harm International Peace and
security this question ladies and
gentlemen we ask it specifically to the
United States and other countries that
oppose
granting the state of Palestine full
membership at a time when they recognize
Israel which is the other party in the
Israeli Palestinian conflict and has
granted Israel full membership at the
United Nations and to those who say that
recognizing the Palestinian state must
happen through negotiations and not
through a UN resolution we wonder once
again how was the state of Israel
established how was it recognized wasn't
that through a UN resolution which is
resolution 181 although Israel did not
honor the conditions to accept its
membership at the United Nations and
that is implementing resolutions 181 and
194 such a decision to Grant the state
of Palestine full membership will be an
important pillar to achieve peace in our
region
because the Palestinian Israeli
conflict in its different
dimensions now goes beyond the borders
of Palestine and Israel and impacts
other regions in the Middle East and
around the world therefore we believe
that it is high time for the security
Council to shoulder its historic
responsibility to give Justice to the
Palestinian people by adopting a
resolution to accept Palestine as a full
member of the United Nations those who
are trying to disrupt and hinder the
adoption of such a resolution they are
not helping the prospects of peace
between Palestinians and Israelis and
the prospects for peace in the Middle
East in
general this resolution naturally will
not be the alternative for serious
political negotiations that are time
bound to implement the two-state
solution or relevant security security
Council and GA resolutions and to
resolve what is pending the pending
issues between Palestinians and Israelis
however this resolution will grant hope
to the Palestinian people hope for a
decent life within an independent
state after this Hope Has dissipated
over the past years because of the
intransigence of the Israeli government
that has rejected this solution publicly
and blatantly especially following the
destructive war against the Gaza Strip
and after the reoccupation of the Gaza
Strip by Israel in this regard the state
of Palestine would like to express its
thanks to all the countries that
recognize the state of Palestine and
sincerely and seriously supported
granting the state of Palestine full
membership in this International
Organization ladies and
gentlemen over the past 12
years after Palestine was
granted Observer status at the general
assembly the state of Palestine played a
positive and constructive role in your
August organization so we do hope you
will give us the opportunity to become
an integral part of the International
Community that is working to achieve
International Peace and
security Mr
President today we are asking for full
membership for the state of Palestine
and the United
Nations however this does not mean that
we forgot what is happening in the Gaza
Strip This comprehensive destructive War
waged by Israel against our people over
the past six months it has claimed the
lives of over
35,000
Palestinians 880,000 were wounded mostly
women children and the
elderly they have destroyed most vital
facilities in the Gaza Strip they've
destroyed homes routes hospitals schools
universities mosques churches
water and energy supplies they have
displaced the majority of the residents
of the strip the majority of the strip
is
now cannot they cannot live there
anymore because it was destroyed Gaza
will come back what will be destroyed is
the
occupation the attacks of the Israeli
Army continues they continue to
terrorize are people in different cities
Villages and camps in the West Bank and
in Jerusalem it is high time for this
war and for these attacks to stop it is
high time for this occupation to
end your AUST Council we call on you
today more than ever to swiftly
intervene and take the necessary
measures to compel Israel to put an end
to its aggression
to allow the delivery of humanitarian
assistance to a starving people to
immediately withdraw from the Gaza Strip
to comply with international law and the
resolutions of international legitimacy
the International Community cannot stand
idly by while a country is above
international law and enjoys impunity
Israel shoulders the full responsibility
for the great destruction that the Gaza
Strip has suffered from because of its
continued
aggression it is also the responsibility
of countries that has supported Israel
with weapons and funds that has provided
Israel with political protection we rely
on peaceloving Nations to end this war
to end this aggression and to provide
support and relief to the residents of
the Gaza Strip everyone must recognizes
Israel particularly that security cannot
be achieved with endless Wars as long as
occupation stands a peace that is based
on Justice this will achieve security
and stability for
all history has taught us that our
region will not enjoy stability without
the establishment of an independent
Palestinian State along the lines of
June 4th 1967 with East Jerusalem as its
capital to live in security and peace
with its neighbors ladies and
gentlemen an international resolution to
Grant Palestine full membership at the
United Nations under these dark
circumstances and as the war of full
destruction continues against the Gaza
Strip and its
residents this International resolution
would be a rejection to aggression it
would insist on respecting international
law human rights and the right of the
Palestinian people to live in Freedom
and
dignity this is the perfect time ladies
and gentlemen for the International
Community and your Council to shoulder
their political legal and moral
responsibilities to towards the just
Palestinian cause and the right of the
Palestinian people to freedom and
Independence so that the principles of
justice and peace can Prevail I trust
that you will stand with the Palestine
Palestinian Justice I thank
you make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer